docs: require matching root relation names (#1101)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/tutorial/sql_to_substrait.md

The `relations` field is a list of Root relations. Most queries only have one
root relation, but the spec allows for multiple so a common plan could be
referenced by other plans, sort of like a CTE (Common Table Expression) from SQL.
The root relation provides the final column names for our query. The number of
root relation names must match the number of named fields in the output type,

> using depth-first order. The input to this relation is our aggregate relation

Reviewer: I like linking to definitions like you do in the faq.md below so I would do it here, too:

```suggestion
using the same depth-first ordering as [`NamedStruct`](../types/named_structs.md)
names.. The input to this relation is our aggregate relation
```

The `relations` field is a list of Root relations. Most queries only have one
root relation, but the spec allows for multiple so a common plan could be
referenced by other plans, sort of like a CTE (Common Table Expression) from SQL.
The root relation provides the final column names for our query. The number of
root relation names must match the number of named fields in the output type,
using the same depth-first ordering as [`NamedStruct`](../types/named_structs.md)

> names.. The input to this relation is our aggregate relation

Reviewer: looks like one dot too many slipped in

```suggestion
names. The input to this relation is our aggregate relation
```
